docs: pod overrides, better install instructions, improved wording (#569)
stackabletech/hbase-operator: docs/modules/hbase/pages/usage-guide/operations/graceful-shutdown.adoc

As a default, masters have `20 minutes` to shut down gracefully.

The HBase master process receives a `SIGTERM` signal when Kubernetes wants to terminate the Pod.

> After the graceful shutdown timeout runs out, and the process still didn't exit, Kubernetes issues a `SIGKILL` signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the graceful shutdown timeout runs out, and the process is still running, Kubernetes issues a `SIGKILL` signal.
```
